the world knows her as a superstar that
Hannah Montana I would so love these
sorry I saw these first do you know who
I am well I know you know who I am she
is so in trouble but no one knows where
she came from hello new yeah until now
welcome to Tennessee looks like you
limos here you got in a shoe fight dad
come on don't do this I think we might
be done are you saying I can never be
Hannah again ask me in two weeks boo boo
got boo
okay don't you know better than you yell
at someone who's asleep on top of a
chicken coop how'd you know saddle up
are we going show you what you're
missing
I never expected a lover here so much
I'm tired of living a double life I
don't think I can do this anymore I
think you should do what everything is
right
hannah montana the movie sure you am i
live pretty close huh you have no idea
you